[SOAR-8977] Microsoft Log Analytics - Saved Search actions (#1211)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: plugins/microsoft_log_analytics/help.md

### Actions

#### Delete Saved Search

This action deletes the specified saved search in a given workspace.

##### Input

|Name|Type|Default|Required|Description|Enum|Example|
|----|----|-------|--------|-----------|----|-------|
|resource_group_name|string|None|True|Name of the resource group|None|ExampleResourceGroupName|

> |saved_search_name|string|None|True|Name of the saved search (case sensitive)|None|ExampleSavedSearchName|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|saved_search_name|string|None|True|Name of the saved search (case-sensitive)|None|ExampleSavedSearchName|
```

  "subscription_id": "5cdad72f-c848-4df0-8aaa-ffe033e75d57",
  "workspace_name": "ExampleWorkspaceName"
}
```

##### Output

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|deleted_saved_search|saved_search|True|Data of deleted saved search|
|message|string|True|Text message indicates that log data has been added to workspace|

Example output:

```
{
  "message": "Saved search ExampleSavedSearchName has been deleted",
  "deleted_saved_search": {
    "id": "subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000005/resourceGroups/mms-eus/providers/Microsoft.OperationalInsights/workspaces/AtlantisDemo/savedSearches/ExampleSavedSearchName",
    "name": "ExampleSavedSearchName",
    "properties": {
      "category": " Saved Search Test Category",
      "displayName": "Delete Saved Search Example",
      "query": "* | where TimeGenerated > ago(1h)"
    }
  }
}
```

#### Get Saved Search

This action gets the saved searche from Log Analytics by it's name.

##### Input

|Name|Type|Default|Required|Description|Enum|Example|
|----|----|-------|--------|-----------|----|-------|
|resource_group_name|string|None|True|Name of the resource group|None|ExampleResourceGroupName|

> |saved_search_name|string|None|True|Name of the saved search (case sensitive)|None|ExampleSavedSearchName|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|saved_search_name|string|None|True|Name of the saved search (case-sensitive)|None|ExampleSavedSearchName|
```

      "functionAlias": "heartbeat_func",
      "functionParameters": "a:int=1",
      "query": "Heartbeat | summarize Count() by Computer | take a",
      "tags": [
        {
          "name": "Group",
          "value": "Computer"
        }
      ]
    }
  },
  "resource_group_name": "ExampleResourceGroupName",
  "saved_search_name": "ExampleSavedSearchName",
  "subscription_id": "5cdad72f-c848-4df0-8aaa-ffe033e75d57",
  "workspace_name": "ExampleWorkspaceName"
}
```

##### Output

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|id|string|True|Fully qualified resource ID for the resource|
|name|string|True|Saved search name|
|properties|properties|True|Saved search properties object|

Example output:

```
{
  "id": "subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000005/resourceGroups/mms-eus/providers/Microsoft.OperationalInsights/workspaces/AtlantisDemo/savedSearches/ExampleSavedSearchName",
  "name": "ExampleSavedSearchName",
  "properties": {
    "category": " Saved Search Test Category",
    "displayName": "Get Saved Search Example",
    "query": "* | where TimeGenerated > ago(1h)"
  }
}
```

#### List All Searches

> This action gets the saved searches for a given Log Analytics workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action retrieves all the saved searches for a given Log Analytics workspace.
```

|Name|string|False|Table's name|
|Rows|[]object|False|Table's rows|

#### tag

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|Name|string|False|Tag's name|
|Value|string|False|Tag's value|

> ## Troubleshooting

Reviewer: Should we remove a section when it's empty?

_This plugin does not contain any troubleshooting information._

# Version History

> * 1.2.0 - Added new actions Create or Update Saved Search, Get Saved Search, Delete Saved Search, and List All Saved Searches
> * 1.1.0 - Search trigger thats run Log Analytics query every interval time

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* 1.2.0 - Add new actions Create or Update Saved Search, Get Saved Search, Delete Saved Search, and List All Saved Searches
* 1.1.0 - Search trigger that run Log Analytics query every interval time
```

Reviewer 3: Updated the change for changelog 1.2.0. Not changing the description for 1.1.0 as it is already released.
